#### Event is missing indexed fields

Index event fields make the field more quickly accessible to off-chain tools that parse events. However, note that each index field costs extra gas during emission, so it's not necessarily best to index the maximum allowed per event (three fields). Each event should use three indexed fields if there are three or more fields, and gas usage is not particularly of concern for the events in question. If there are fewer than three fields, all of the fields should be indexed.

Instances number of this issue: 1
```solidity
// contracts/BlurExchange.sol
76-83
    event OrdersMatched(
        address indexed maker,
        address indexed taker,
        Order sell,
        bytes32 sellHash,
        Order buy,
        bytes32 buyHash
    );
``` 

#### Missing Equivalence Checks in Setters

Setter functions are missing checks to validate if the new value being set is the same as the current value already set in the contract. Such checks will showcase mismatches between on-chain and off-chain states.

Suggestion: 
This may hinder detecting discrepancies between on-chain and off-chain states leading to flawed assumptions of on-chain state and protocol behavior.

Instances number of this issue: 4
```solidity
// contracts/BlurExchange.sol
215:    function setExecutionDelegate(IExecutionDelegate _executionDelegate)
224:    function setPolicyManager(IPolicyManager _policyManager)
233:    function setOracle(address _oracle)
242:    function setBlockRange(uint256 _blockRange)
``` 

#### Missing Time locks

When critical parameters of systems need to be changed, it is required to broadcast the change via event emission and recommended to enforce the changes after a time-delay. This is to allow system users to be aware of such critical changes and give them an opportunity to exit or adjust their engagement with the system accordingly. None of the onlyOwner functions that change critical protocol addresses/parameters have a timelock for a time-delayed change to alert: (1) users and give them a chance to engage/exit protocol if they are not agreeable to the changes (2) team in case of compromised owner(s) and give them a chance to perform incident response.

Instances number of this issue: 4
```solidity
// contracts/BlurExchange.sol
215:    function setExecutionDelegate(IExecutionDelegate _executionDelegate)
224:    function setPolicyManager(IPolicyManager _policyManager)
233:    function setOracle(address _oracle)
242:    function setBlockRange(uint256 _blockRange)
``` 


#### Code Structure Deviates From Best-Practice

Description: The best-practice layout for a contract should follow the following order: state variables, events, modifiers, constructor and functions. Function ordering helps readers identify which functions they can call and find constructor and fallback functions easier. Functions should be grouped according to their visibility and ordered as: constructor, receive function (if exists), fallback function (if exists), external, public, internal, private. Some constructs deviate from this recommended best-practice: Modifiers are in the middle of contracts. External/public functions are mixed with internal/private ones. Few events are declared in contracts while most others are in corresponding interfaces.

Suggestion: Consider adopting recommended best-practice for code structure and layout.

contracts/BlurExchange.sol
